In this module,
we introduced the client- credentials grant and some key microservice
security patterns that you could implement with Spring Security when
dealing with different scenarios in distributed systems.
Although JWT is great for storing state between service calls,
which can improve the scalability of your application,
you should still keep the content in them to a bare minimum,
ideally a unique subject identifier and some scopes and roles.
And unless your application really needs that scalability,
sensitive data should be sent securely in the request body or sourced
from the authorization server when required rather than being on the
token as tokens can be passed around,
and anybody who gets a hold of it can simply read it.
If you do, however, need to include sensitive data on the token,
then consider some form of encryption.
Access tokens can be used by the bearer against the userinfo
endpoint to retrieve the user's claims.
Hence, be mindful of this when considering an access token for token relay.
Now in the next module,
we'll look at some vulnerabilities in our application and
some advanced validation and customizations that you can implement to address these.